Functional Requirements: 
1.	The user must be shown questions from the Myers-Briggs type indicator test so that the personality test can be completed.  
2.	The system should collect the answers the user submits in the personality test to calculate the personality of the user.  
3.	The system should display the personality type of the user under their account details so that drivers, riders, and friends of the user can know the user’s personality type.  
4.	The user must create a profile/account with their personal details provided – full name, email address, DOB, phone, gender, address for identification and security purposes.The system must allow the user to add or update their profile information as needed.  
5.	The system must not allow ride bookings without a valid payment method because drivers need to be paid for the rides they provide.The system should also provide the user with multiple payment options such as credit/debit cards,digital wallets,or other online payment methods.  
6.	A rider can choose to get a match based on just gender where then a gender match would be made, if gender is not specified by the user, then the user will be matched by personality so that it ensures that the rider gets a match.If the rider does not specify their matching criteria, the system should use a default setting to match the rider with a driver based on their personality traits and other relevant factors.In additiion the system should provide the rider with an option to change their matching criteria at any time, and the system should prioritize the rider's safety, comfort, and preferences during the matching process.Also the drivers personal information such as gender and personality traits should be kept confidential and only used for matching purposes.Lastly their should be A feedback system to rate drivers based on their perfomance,personality,and other relevant factors,which could be used to improve the matching process in the future. 
7.	The rider can choose to get matched based on only gender, only personality, or both because the rider’s comfortability is the main priority.  
8.	The user will automatically be matched by personality if they don’t specify how they want to get matched so that it ensures that the rider gets a match.  
9.	The rider can cancel their ride which will incur a cancellation fee if the ride was cancelled after 10 minutes of booking the ride to prevent waste of resources.  
10.	Riders can decline their co-rider for any reason they see fit as rider’s comfortability is the main priority.  
11.	Riders must consent to their data being held and processed by the system before being able to use the system due to the Data Protection Act.  
12.	Riders must allow location tracking so the service can connect riders and drivers based on location.  
13.	Drivers must allow location tracking so riders can track them at any time during the booking.   
14.	Drivers can also cancel rides if they cannot/do not want to deliver the service.  
15.	The system should issue riders with a refund to their original payment method if the driver cancels the ride to ensure that riders don’t pay for rides that didn’t occur.  
16.	Users of the system can find/add friends on the app to share rides with their friends.  
17.	A ride cancelled by the user means they are issued with ride credits rather than a refund to maintain usage of the system.  
18.	Riders can leave a review plus star rating for their drivers so that the riders know the quality of the drivers.  
19.	Drivers may also give the rider(s) a star rating so that other drivers can choose to not accept the ride if the rider(s) star rating affects them.  
20.	Riders are given a variety of payment options to choose from for their convenience such as PayPal, Apple/Google Pay, Card payment.  
21.	User friendly interface - the app should be intuitive with easily recognizable symbols as navigation prompts so that it's easy for the user to use the system.  
22.	User can seek assistance within the system to ensure that the user’s questions are answered.  
23.	The help service should be available between 8am-8pm so that the user can get the support they need. 


